1.Ability to view, add, remove and modify your customer information 

2.Ability to view your partners’ customer information

3.Ability to view, add, remove and modify your supplier information.

4.Ability to view, add, remove and modify your product information

5.Ability to view, your partners’ product information

6.Ability to view your product inventory

7. Ability to generate a restocking order (should be saved in a ”restocking” table) if the supply of any of your
products falls below the minimum stock level

8. Ability of a customer to place an order, which consists of adding your or your partners’ items to a shopping cart
and then checking out.

9.Ability to browse the product catalog by category  (We know that Northwind sells food items, AdventureWorks 
sells bikes and accessories, and Sakila sells movies.  Your product catalogshould include items fromyour partners’ categories
as well as items from other categories that your partners do not traffic in.Your application should include the following 
basicreports (SQL queries)

10.List ofall yourproducts whose inventory has fallen below the minimum stock level

11.List of customers who have not been “too active”(you define this)and for whom special offers should be made.

12.List of products that are not selling “too well”(you define this), which might be offered as specials.

13.When the products purchased will ship (Shipping will occur four weekdays from now, e.g., if today is Monday, they will ship on Friday.
The above functionality should be implemented using MySQL on elvis.  Additionally, you should create a miniature application in a differentdatabase package of your choice.  That second implementation does not need any insert, update or delete capabilities – but it should include all of the queries to view all of the functionality from 1 to 13 above.


Finally, you will need to enhance your MySQL application to include the following advanced functionality:

14.Ability of a customers to place an item on his/her “wish list.”
15.An algorithm (manifested as a query) to suggest additional products that a customer might be interested in based 
on their order history, their wish list, or anything else you would like to program.
16.Ability of customers to rate products 

17.Ability to view the ratings of products in two ways
  •The average rating based on all rating activity
  •A more intelligent rating that uses an algorithm to weight some customer’s ratings higher than others.And these additional advancedreports:
  
18.A report showing the most highly wished for productsin every category

19.A report showing wished for products that were never purchased by the customers who wished for them

20.EXTRA CREDIT:  What other innovative reports can you think of?
